A reminder to the peeps of Haven. It's wing night at The Black Lantern. Buy a pitcher of Old Mill Amber Ale and get a bucket of wings for half price.
The Silver wanted me to mention that they have White Widow back in stock. So go over and grab some of the best export the Netherlands has to offer.
Hey Haven there will be an Artwalk this Sunday. Meet up is at the Haven Springs Visitor Center and it begins at 10:00 am.
The Torchhead's will be announcing their new concert dates and locations at the end of the month, so stay tuned. Once I know, I'll announce it here on KRCT.
D&D night will start this Saturday at 8:00 pm. If you roleplay… you know what? If you roleplay or cosplay you get a +1 to charisma. I am the DM so I can do anything!
Live karaoke and ½ off drinks! First Tuesday of the month, don't forget.
Bait & Tackle are having a sale. So go over n' load up on worms and lures and go get catch a big one this week! Well try and catch a big one. I am still 0 for 3 this month. Fish why don't you like my bait! Rum is a respectable bait for fish, right?
Mmm, just picked up a cinnamon roll at Canary Cafe. Oh man, they're so awesome, go get one.
Here the mountain report. There was a fresh layer of snow that fell overnight. So call in sick and go n' grab your board and hit the hills.
The Black Lantern has Pine Tree Pale Ale back on tap. So go now. Don't walk, RUN!
Blue Dream and OG Kush are back on the menu at The Silver. Oh, and also Girl Scout Cookie too. That's my fav.
Haven Springs is looking noice, To all the pagans out there, summer solstice is right around the corner.
Whoever put a beanie on Haven's deer last night, I approve.
If you or anyone you know are getting rid of a vinyl collection let us know. We can also clean your old vinyl if you do inherit a collection. Drop us an email and we'll help you out.
🎵It started generations ago when the miners of Haven Springs didn't have a beer to end their workday with. Two men created a brew for their coworkers and like what they did back then we still do today. It begins with the snowcapped Colorado Rocky Mountains and the rivers that flow, giving us clear crisp waters. We still use the best state barley that has been handed down from generation to generation to produce an uncompromising beer that can only be found here. To the two miners that created, and the generations of workers that kept producing it, we thank you and raise a glass of Old Mill Amber Ale to you. Old Mill Amber Ale, the taste of Haven Springs Colorado.🎵
Just a reminder to everyone. There was a report last night of a black beer getting into someone's garbage. Please only put your cans out on the day of pick up and not overnight. Mr. Blackbear had a feed last night and the state wildlife had to be called in to tranquilize it.
Call now for a chance to win Firewalk tickets. If your caller 18 you and a friend get to go see Firewalk in Denver this June!
I'm stuffin' my mouth with a muffin… I should say it's a choco muffin from Canary Cafe. I don't want a call from the Broadcast Standards and Practices.
Hi, I'm Steph Gringrich. I'm not only a DJ here at KRTC but I'm also a DM and welcome to the night shift.