Would you rather never get angry or never be envious?
What’s your dream date night?
Would you rather eat a ketchup sandwich or a Siracha sandwich?
Would you rather have a horribly corrupt government or no government?
What do you think about marriage?
Do you think weight gain is an acceptable reason to break up with someone?
Do you believe love can last a lifetime?
Would you rather eat a box of dry spaghetti noodles or two cups of uncooked rice?
What small thing makes you angrier than it should?
What attracts you to people?
What’s the length of your longest romantic relationship?
Would you rather be poor but help people or become incredibly rich by hurting people?
Are you still friends with your exes?
What are your feelings towards open relationships?
What’s the best thing about being single?
When was the last time you laughed so hard you cried?
What is the worst TV show/movie you’ve ever watched?
What alcoholic drink best describes your personality and why?
Would you rather eat at Burger King or McDonald’s?
What’s the worst food combination you can imagine?
What have you done wrong for most of your life and only recently found out the right way to do it?
Would you rather dance like MJ or sing like Freddie Mercury?
Would you rather eat pizza every day or eat steak every day?
What’s your worst customer service story, either as the customer or as the employee?
Have you ever had a crush on an animated character?
What childish thing do you still enjoy?
What flavor combination is kind of weird, but you really like it?
What was the weirdest habit you had as a child?
What’s the strangest way you’ve become friends with someone?
What’s the weirdest conversation you’ve ever overheard?
What’s the strangest gift you’ve ever received?
If you could replace the handshake as a greeting, what interesting new greeting would you replace it with?
What was the last movie that made you cry?
What language do you like the sound of, even though you don’t know how to speak it?
Would you rather never be able to wear pants or never be able to wear shorts?
Which social media do you use the most often?
What’s the worst injury you’ve ever gotten?
Have you had any near-death experiences?
Where have you traveled?
Would you rather be a famous director or a famous actor?
Would you rather be held in high regard by your parents or your friends?
What are three things that you can not live without?
Would you rather be forced to kill one innocent person or five people who committed minor crimes?
What is the last dream you can remember?
Would you rather be able to teleport anywhere or be able to read minds?
What era would you choose to live in if you could?
How do you spend a typical Saturday night?
How do you treat people who annoy you for no reason?
Would you rather lose all your money and valuables or all the pictures you have ever taken?
Would you rather only wear one color each day or have to wear seven colors each day?
If you could make one wish right this second, what would it be?
What is a bad habit that you have?
What is the meanest thing you have ever said to someone?
Do you have a bucket list and if so, what is one thing on the list?
If you could live in book, tv show, or movie what would it be?
If you knew the answer would be yes what would you ask?
If you had one day left to live what would you do first?
If you had 30 mins to live and you can only talk one person who would you talk?
Which quote inspires you most?
If your life was a novel, what would the title be?
If you were going to burry a time capsule, what would you put in it?
What do you think about most?
What is a deal-breaker in your relationships? Friendships and romantic